okay before we go we got to do human
friends a bit yeah what he's a human
friend to paid
it's a photo we always take that's like
the movie Human Centipede where they're
sewn together mouth to anus but it's
with France so it's special
I get the middle oh why do you want the
middle this is it your Bachelorette
weekend we've been dreaming about this
moment this is the first day of freshman
year we're gonna be swimming and
I just got a call from The
busboy
like so everyone's in I was kind of
hoping that we could make it an early
night that doesn't feel right
yeah I don't think so baby girl
[Music]
[Applause]
your face male or female doubt ma'am I
think a male for her fine no no no do
what you wanna do I know you get the
picture what you gonna do which one
you're totally take my picture
there was this guy in Australia who
cooked his girlfriend and ate her I
can't cuz I am vegan bye
[Music]
let's get steak be the best weekend of
our parking lot I probably have HPV now
whatever we all have each V V I don't
have HPV if you've had sex after the
1991 then you do have HPV oh then I have
like a ton of HPV clumps and clumps
of it
[Music]